Right now, I don't have much time to
enjoy the game full-time because my job
is too much and I'm too busy with my
real life. But anyway, there's one game
genres that always help me through my
tough days, which is AFK game because it
can be run in autoplay. So, I don't have
to be concerned on the mobile screen
often. Remember to like this video and
please enjoy the video of top 10 best
anime gacha games, most play autoplay
games, RPG, AFK and idol Android and
iOS.
Turbies. This game should be on your
list in 2026 as the best new gacha game
mobile. It's made by Web Zen company. He
has successfully delivered a nice visual
anime game idol with a cool and fun
ambience. It has so much color with
brightness result. You know, I prefer to
play this visual rather than a darker
vibes. How about you? Anyway, the game
story line is quite unique where the
player will come into a fantasy world
that we always call it as an isekai
world. But I'm sure as an anime lover,
you have known this word, right? Along
the conversation, we will get some
special cutscenes often to represent the
story line becoming much better. But you
all can skip it to speed up the
progress. Anyway, in combat, it's full
of auto game RPG. All of the basic
attack will be done by an auto. We only
need to manage the ultimate skill, but I
prefer to tap the auto icon and let the
game decide to unleash it randomly
whenever the skill is ready.
Ozie rewrite. Finally, we have the real
anime game that was made by the original
Japanese games developer because as I
know anime games should be made by that
country as the creator because nowadays
the other regions are to dominate by
this game's genre. But surely there is
one thing why I really love Japan to
make a game is because they always focus
on the story line and how the music will
be so adorable to listen to. It has a
bright as the background and how most of
the characters expression looks pretty
happy and sharp. Seriously, it's not a
dark fantasy team, which is the opposite
one. So, the game play is 100% an
autoplay game. We don't have to touch
any skill. Just leave the game and let
our hero clear stage by stage. As long
as you have prepared all of the best
heroes, gear, talent, skill, and synergy
system. I love when the hero keep making
a dialogue while in the battle.
Absolutely the best AFK game on mobile.
Seven connects rebirth. After huge
success from the previous version, then
this company continued the sequel with
so much upgrade and progress that the
player can easily notice by the graphic
look, character design, skill
visualization and story line in a highle
animation. As a player, surely almost
all of the veteran player come back to
play the newest version and the feedback
was outstanding. Even the company which
is Net Marble does a magic to make it
become no pay to win gacha game or
free-to-play friendly. [music] We can
easily get free diamonds through an AFK
mode. Even when you are offline, then
the game will play by itself [music] to
do an auto grinding. The gator rate is
really amazing. In fact, we'll have a
guarantee of a legendary hero where we
can pick as a main priority to increase
the chance. The combat mechanism is full
of autoplay games. Even we can set the
skill in the queue and tap the auto
battle. Seven K Re is absolutely the
best game gota I've ever played right
now. Have reached level 70.
Epic 7. I don't really care how many
gacha game are coming today, but most of
them do not really show us serious work.
Even an old game will stand still
against them all, which is epic 7. I
remember how this game was so hype
before and even now. I can easily
compare it as a better visual than the
other competitor. You know, the
developer keep updating and more even
are consistently showing up. I love how
the gacha rate is still one of the best
no pay to win gacha game mobile. We can
easily get a highquality hero through a
simple gacha. We don't have to put a lot
of effort into getting it. It has the
most stunning visual with a magnificent
skill visual. The animation is top here
and how charming the characters voice
over. So we can easily know their
characteristic through it. Some heroes
have a cute, elegant and brave behavior
that we can point through their main
voice autoplay game mobile RPG. Fantasy
of like this game is really newbie
friendly and also how the game can run
on a low-end pawn even when you set the
graphic highest then it's all fine and
I'm sure it will run super smooth on any
device you have. The reason why I told
you it's a newbie friendly is because
you will get a free legendary hero since
you started the game with an overpowered
sub strength will be the best hero to
wipe the enemy out in the beginning or
in the earest journey. While in game
everything will automatically play the
basic attack and skill will play in
auto. There are some expedition features
that you can play daily for an endless
combat. A piece for the dungeon raid and
also group boss battle
dream and lee record. You know most of
the anime will be made from a different
country like Japanese or Korean. But
Chinese regionals always show us the
identical looks to represent that
country like the character's name, the
hero's appearance and how they object
around us. [music] I think this is the
best way to introduce the world about
the culture from a certain country
through a game. This is a side scrolling
base where the player can follow the
main story line just by tapping the main
quest icon. Then the character will move
by herself. The combat it has 100% auto
play. [music] We just need to adjust the
game speed to speed up the progress.
Even though it's kind of an idol game,
but the developer actively add a story
line along the game play. Dragon Roger
Reise. This game is a mustplay game idol
you should have on your phone. It's 100%
I would like to recommend it to you to
enjoy the whole game play. Now it has
one of the best graphic from so many
aspect. The skill visualization is so
stunning. The character design looks
charming and it has a lot of male
characters while the other gacha game is
only focusing on a female one. If you
really want to play an AFK game, surely
it will hook you within a second. The
combat battle is pretty casual. Every
single action should be done by an auto.
So you don't have any right to pick
which skill you would like to release
first. We just need to be more concerned
about a strengthening up the hero's
power like some gear, [music] equipment,
skill, and level. Then just let the game
play by itself while we are away from
the pawn. Such an easy idol game, right?
Outer plane. I would say it's a hidden
game. I remember how this game was one
of the most played gacha game RPG on
mobile when it released globally. Even
the developer never did any beta
testing, but surprisingly the game's
quality is familiar within any console
game. I'm sure you will never get bored
while playing it. It's because every
single skill will show you the best
visual with a lot of attention to detail
and highle camera angle to make the
visual even more dynamic in a different
perspective. The combat mechanism have a
lot of option. Chain attack to make a
combination strike with the other hero
and deal a multiple damage and unleash
their regular skill and ultimate when
it's ready. There are so many daily
dungeons we can play to earn a different
material for powering up your favorite
hero. Anyway, every single hero will
have their own element skill. So, we
need to understand the hero's active and
passive skill to maximize the damage
number based on the enemy's weaknesses.
Dragon Traveler. Finally, we have an
update about it. And even the whole
visual looks way better with so much
enhancement and progress that I can
easily notice comparing within the
previous version. Right now, it has an
English version with a great voice over
of the hero. And now I can see how they
add so much dialogue to deliver the
story line to the player. I love every
character expression. It just made the
hero look alive. But anyway, it's not a
role playing game base because the main
game play is on idle or afk base. All of
the characters will clear the entire
area by an auto. Every successful hit
will recharge the energy. Of course, the
energy can be used for realizing the
skill. It doesn't have any special
animation on the skill showcase which
make the battle faster and save your
time a lot. Face the world boss against
a dragon and playing with the other
player is possible to collect a
legendary item.
The promise this game is in development
right now. It's been doing beta testing
for about two times as I remember. This
game is 100% autoplay especially the
combat system. All of the gauge matter
will recharge automatically over time.
So, we don't have to worry about how it
filled up. Even when your hero missed
the attack, it's not really a problem
because the skill damage number is way
bigger than a normal attack. Once we
clear each stage, then the dialogue will
always show up. But you can skip the
conversation to keep going on with your
progress. But I really hope the
developer will increase graphic visual
and make it have an option to select
ultra setting.
Bonus go muffins. I'm sure everyone has
ever played it. Honestly, this is the
best portrait idol game RPG I know. If
you really want to play a simple game,
casual and easy to play, I don't have
any option except it by the vertical
perspective. Starting from the
beginning, you don't have to touch any
single button at all. Your main team
will keep going forward as long as you
keep on the right track by killing the
enemy that only show up frequently. This
game needs good team work, which I mean
all of the allies should get an
improvement at all because the synergy
between your teammate will help you a
lot to clear any enemy in front of you.
Sometimes you can recheck your progress,
but using one finger is enough to
navigate and control the entire hero.
These all are the best new idol you can
play on mobile. Remember to like this
video and see on the next list. Thanks.